Add examples for `issorted` docstrings. (#2941)
JuliaData/DataFrames.jl: NEWS.md

* `delete!` is deprecated in favor of `deleteat!`
  ([#2854](https://github.com/JuliaData/DataFrames.jl/issues/2854))
* In `sort`, `sort!`, `issorted` and `soerperm` it is now documented

>   that passing an empty column selector leads to an undefined result

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  that the result of passing an empty column selector uses lexicographic
  ordering of all columns, but this behavior is deprecated.
```
